Free Gift Cards and Tech Items with
Southwest Points: www.fairylandshop.me
Jimmy K.
Yeah. go for Jimmy K.
Tell your division
we're going silent. Isaac's orders.
- Call your boats back. Radio silent.
- Pull it out!
I swear to God. if
you don't do it. I will.
- I said maybe.
- Alright. copy.
- This is gonna hurt.
- It already fucking hurts!
Jesse. don't let me...
You can't let me die.
- Yeah. I know.
- No. you don't.
Listen. if I pull it. it's
gonna tear an artery.
- I need to push it through.
- How do you know that?
- What if it's the wrong way?
- I know where the arteries are.
- No. you don't. you're not a doctor!
- Dina. shut up!
Hey.
Dina.
I got you. alright?
I got you.
I know. I know.
I know. Have some. okay?
- No.
- It's gonna help. Have some.
I said no.
Okay.
Just do it.
It's me.
Jesse! Dina!
What's the name of your horse?
Shimmer. I'm alone.
Open the fucking door!
- Where is she?
- What happened to you?
Dina? Is she...
She's okay. She's
in the dressing room.
- Dressing room.
- Ellie. where were you?
Hi.
Let me see.
Is the baby...?
- It's okay.
- How do you know?
I just do.
Sit over there.
Alright.
Shirt off.
Okay. arms up.
Three. two. one.
So. are you gonna
tell me what happened?
I found her.
I found Nora.
Good.
Does she know where Abby is?
Yes. but she only
said two words.
"Whale." and then "wheel."
- What does that mean?
- I don't know. Maybe nothing.
She was infected. it
was already setting in.
I made her talk.
I thought it would
be harder to do.
But it wasn't.
It was easy.
I just kept hurting her.
Did you kill her?
No.
I left her.
Yeah. well. maybe she
got what she deserved.
Maybe she didn't.
It was a long time ago.
Before I came to Jackson.
There was a Firefly
base in Salt Lake City.
They had a hospital there.
They were gonna
use me to make a cure.
But it meant that
I would have died.
And Joel found out.
And he killed
everyone in the hospital.
Everyone.
He killed Abby's father.
He was a doctor. and
Joel shot him in the head.
To save me.
So. that's why they came.
Did you know who they were?
But I knew what he did.
I'm sorry.
We need to go home.
Do you have any
extra nine-millimeter?
Thanks.
You shouldn't be
on your feet yet.
I'll go back to the
couch in a second.
I promise.
Give me your wrist.
The other one.
It's for good luck.
Not sure it's been
working for you.
I'm alive.
I can do this alone. if
you want Ellie to stay.
No.
We'll be safer together.
Our rendezvous point's not far.
Assuming Tommy's
there. we should be back
- well before sundown.
- Okay. good.
You okay to barricade?
Yeah. Go.
Yeah.
- Where's the rendezvous?
- The bookstore.
You ever gonna tell me
how you found the theater?
You ever gonna tell me what
happened to you last night?
We followed the
likeliest path into the city.
Found the place you
stashed Shimmer.
She's still there doing
alright. Not that you asked.
And then. we saw the
WLF sign on the TV station.
figured that's where you went.
split up a two-square-mile area
around it and began searching.
That's how I found the theater.
You make it sound easy.
It took two days and
a lot of close calls.
Thank you.
I mean it. honestly.
Look. I know you're angry...
Last night. Dina
said. "I can't die."
Not. "I don't want
to die." "I can't."
And then I offered her
whiskey. and she refused.
Dina. the girl who's
never turned down
a free drink in her life.
seconds before I was
gonna push a crossbow bolt
- through her leg.
- That's weird.
-I don't know why
she... -Yes. you do.
I'm not stupid
and I'm not blind.
Ellie. I see the way you
two look at each other.
It's different now.
Yeah. and I bet she even tells
you things she wouldn't tell me.
Like how she's pregnant.
Fuck.
Shit. you were guessing?
God.
Look. she's obviously
gonna tell you.
So. just act surprised. okay?
None of this has to
change things between us.
Everything changing doesn't
have to change things?
Well. how 'bout this
for something new?
I'm gonna be a father.
which means I can't die.
But because of you.
we're stuck in a war zone.
So. how 'bout we
skip the apologies
and just go find Tommy
so I can get us and my kid
the fuck outta Seattle?
There's more than one of her?
I guess
so. I don't know.
We need to move faster.
Please tell me we're close.
Think we have two more blocks.
Let's give it a minute.
see if it dies down.
and then we'll...
- Shit.
- Go.
- I see him!
- You're fucking dead. Scar!
Nowhere to run!
There. there.
there. Go! Get down!
He's
heading off in the garage. keep going!
Get on the ground!
You piece of shit!
The world is not in balance.
but I've done
my part to right it.
How'd you get past our line?
How?!
The world is not in balance.
But I have done
my part to right it.
She has led
me through the storm.
Now I must rest.
- May she guide me.
- I'm sorry. what?
May she guide me.
Get his clothes off.
No! No!
Wait! Wait! No!
Stop it! Get off of me!
- Stop!
- Come on. you little piece of shit!
- Drag him.
- Fucking go!
Let's fucking go!
Let's go! Go!
- Get the fuck off!
- Ellie.
Ellie.
- Ellie!
- What?!
There are six of
them and two of us.
- What do you think would've happened?
- He's a fucking kid!
Ellie. these people
are shooting each other.
lynching each other.
ripping each other's guts out.
Even the kids.
I am not dying out here.
Not for any of them.
This is not our war.
Let's go.
Can't leave it there.
You gotta move your truck.
Good news.
Melissa and Kristi are saying
the storm's a convergence zone.
It's gonna get even bigger.
Orders have been relayed
verbally. everything's set.
All the officers are on board.
but I think the rank and
file are a little scared.
Aren't you?
It'll be dark by 21:30.
-We'll start the staggered
load in... -Any word on Abby?
Not since yesterday.
And we still haven't found Owen.
Mel is missing now. too.
So. her entire crew
just disappears.
tonight of all nights?
We still have Manny.
Well. we have a lot
of Mannys. don't we?
And enough Owens and Mels.
But only one Abby.
Okay. what the fuck?
She's a good
soldier. Great. even.
But we have an entire
fuckin' army out there.
and you're acting like
she's the most important.
What...
You in love with
her or something?
I mean. I don't know.
You wouldn't be
the first old man to...
Okay. okay. No.
By the time the sun
comes up tomorrow.
there's a very good
chance you'll be dead.
There's an even better
chance I'll be dead.
So then. what happens to that
entire fucking army out there.
who despite their badass
name. are very much sheep?
Who leads them?
Who secures our future?
It was supposed to be her.
Well. she's fucked off. Isaac.
So. maybe it wasn't.
Fuck.
Is that your shit?
Yeah.
Alright. So.
if he's not here...
It's gonna be
fine. He'll make it back.
- Well. what if he's in trouble?
- "What if"?
He is in trouble.
We're all in trouble.
Here we are again.
You and me in
bad fuckin' weather.
You picked a good one.
I should have thought of that.
Listen. about me and her. I
don't really know what to say.
Right now. we got
a lot of problems.
Like a wounded pregnant girl.
Maybe Tommy's dead.
Maybe we'll be dead.
So. let me at least just
get this one off the table.
Yes. I love her.
But not the way you do.
Remember that group
that stopped by Jackson
for a few weeks on their
way south to Mexico?
From Alberta?
Yeah. they had some
decent shit to trade.
There was this girl with them.
She was a couple
years older than me.
I don't know if you remember.
She was selling paintings.
like landscapes and shit.
- Were they good?
- No.
I bought four of 'em.
That fuckin' feeling...
when you're falling for someone
and they're falling right back.
- So. what happened?
- Best two weeks of my life.
But she couldn't stay.
Didn't want to abandon
her family like that.
So. she asked me to
go with them instead.
And I wanted to.
More than anything.
Then. why didn't you?
Because the people of
Jackson took me in. raised me.
cared for me.
because everyone there
is counting on me
to be the next Maria.
Because I was taught
to put other people first.
Okay.
Got it. So. you're
Saint Jesse of Wyoming
and everyone else
is a fucking asshole.
You can make fun
of me all you want.
but let me ask you this. Ellie.
I go with that girl to Mexico.
who saves your ass in Seattle?
Under fire! I repeat!
We are under fire. Under
fire. Southlake Marina.
Sniper. not a Scar!
Unidentified...
Goddammit!
Two of us pinned
down. We need backup!
- No radios. Repeat.
- Sniper.
- No radios.
- It's gotta be Tommy.
This is South Lake.
There's two piers right here.
It's gotta be one of them.
Alright. pack your
shit. We're going up.
You hear that?
It's in the right direction.
I don't see an easy way
north. but if he got there.
it means we can. too.
Ellie.
The wheel.
- The whale.
- What?
- She's in the fucking aquarium.
- Who?
Abby. the one who killed
Joel. She's in the aquarium.
It's too far to swim.
We need a boat.
- What are you talking about?
- What?
No. Tommy's over there.
That's where we're going.
You don't know that's him.
- Yes. we do.
- We don't.
And even if it is. he's
got them pinned down.
For now. They called for backup.
Then. he'll pin more of
them down. I know him.
He would want me to do this.
And Jesus Christ. if three
more people had voted with you.
you'd be coming with me.
I voted no.
Why?
Because everything
you do. you do for you.
My God.
- Ellie.
- My God.
Ellie. it wasn't in the best
interest of the community.
Fuck the community!
All you do is talk about
the fucking community.
You hypocrite.
You think you're
good and I'm bad?
You let a kid die today. Jesse.
Because why? He
wasn't in your community?
Let me tell you
about my community.
My community was beaten
to death in front of me
while I was forced
to fucking watch.
So. don't look at me
like you're better than me
or like you'd do
anything differently
if you were in my shoes.
because you're not.
and you wouldn't.
I really hope you make it.
Hey. let's move. come on.
Come on. we gotta
meet 'em out there.
Load 'em up.
Let's go!
Last one's on board.
No! I'm not from
here! I'm not a Wolf!
Tell them.
The village. The village!
Leave her!
for her. so don't
make me sound like
I'm being some kind
of heartless bitch.
I'm not. And let's be honest.
this isn't about them
anyways. Owen.
You're talking about
being behind enemy lines
alone at night.
This is suicide under
normal circumstances.
and you want to do this now?
Do you even understand
what's going on?
I understand everything.
but I don't have a choice. do I?
It's Abby.
Of course. you have
a choice. And so do I.
And I am choosing no.
also because it's Abby.
Fine. I'll do it on
my own. like always.
I can make it there
and back in 30.
If you're still here.
you can get on board
and keep going with us.
If you're not. you're not.
Fuck you. Owen.
Hands up.
- Where's Abby?
- You gotta be kidding me.
Okay. Easy.
I'm the one who
kept you alive. right?
We don't know where she is.
You were just talking about
her. so. yes. you fucking do.
You. bring me that map.
You're gonna point
to where Abby is.
and then you're gonna do
it. and it better fucking match.
You have five seconds.
- Four.
- She's gonna kill us either way.
No. I won't.
Because I'm not like you.
Three.
Two.
I... I'll do it. I'll do it.
I'll show you.
Slowly.
S-Slowly.
God.
Knife? Do
you have a knife?
I have. like. 30 seconds.
Get the fuck over here. please.
Please. please. please.
Knife. Knife.
You're gonna take it out.
You're gonna get it out.
What?
- I don't know how to do that.
- I do. I do.
One incision. That's all it is.
And then. be
sure to tie the cord.
Work fast. Work fast.
Work fast.
- Work fast. Very fast.
- Okay. Okay.
How deep?
- Deeper than you think.
- Which way?
Which way?
Low transverse. Transverse.
What? I don't know
what that means.
Low transverse.
What? Tell me what that means.
You're doing good.
You're doing really good.
Is it out?
Ellie?
Ellie.
God.
Hey.
Let's go. come on.
It's okay. it's okay.
Come on. Come on.
Shit.
Thank God.
The park is no go.
so we stick to the south
on our way outta town.
Not a good idea to
move her in this weather.
so pray for sunshine.
Get the horses at first
light and don't look back.
Hey.
You know. they
were part of it. too.
They made their choices.
That's all there is to it.
But Abby gets to live.
Yeah.
Are you able to make
your peace with that?
Guess I'll have to.
I'm gonna start
packin' the duffels.
Thank you for coming back.
Maybe I didn't want to.
Maybe Tommy made me.
Did he?
Nope.
Because you're a good person.
Yeah.
But also. the
thought did occur...
if I were out there
somewhere. lost and in trouble...
you would set the
world on fire to save me.
I would.
Stand up.
Stand up!
Hands in the air or
I shoot this one too.
- Just run. Ellie!
- Shut the fuck up!
Stop! Stop!
You.
Just let him go.
He killed my friends.
No. I did.
I was looking for you. I
didn't mean to hurt them.
I know why you killed Joel.
He did what he did to save me.
I'm the one that you want.
Just let him go.
I let you live.
- And you wasted it.
- No. no. no!
Hey.
- Shit.
- You up?
- Well. yeah. now.
- Cool. Alright. come on.
Isaac wants to talk to us.
Okay. Just let me wake up.
- I'll be there in five minutes.
- Alright.
It's your funeral if
you make him wait.
["Burden in My Hand"
by Soundgarden playing}
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Free Gift Cards and Tech Items with
Southwest Points: www.fairylandshop.me